to learn how to get your hair curled
like this without the use of a curling
iron or any heating products to stay
tuned and I will show you how hi ladies
i'm going to show you how to create a
really gorgeous heelys coral look today
so what I'm going to do is I just got a
shower and I blow dried my hair a little
bit but it's still pretty damn and I'm
going to put my hair up at a high point
deal with a clear elastic and this is
going to create really great gorgeous
okay now with your clear elastic you're
going to put your hands on me tail with
my hair I could just go through one time
that's good enough because i'm actually
going to cut as clear lasting out when
i'm done so it doesn't leave a mark
where the hair tied one then i'm going
to take my ballerina bun and you can
give these valeria buns at fab rina buns
calm i'm going to pull my hair or my
ponytail through the bun
I'm just going to start rolling my
so proud of my head
you're just going to go to sleep in this
then I get it really close when he don't
up both cutting this elastic out
and don't do it boy away from my hair
make
the way and it's kind of its please
secure and it's pretty comfortable
because it's just cloth and it's getting
really comfortable to sleep in like this
all right and then I'll see you in the
morning
good morning I just woke up and I did my
make up for work today I'm about to
reveal to you what the curls look like
inside fun so let's get started okay I'm
just gonna start unraveling my bun
rolling it the opposite way that I stood
down last night
you
and they're really big at first but they
fall pretty quickly so I'm just gonna
finish getting ready and I'll show you
what they look like before I we okay
there you have it your heatless curls
with the ballerina bun all right I have
to go to work but thank you guys so much
for watching and have a great day
you